CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# How to successfully make changes to Ninja

We're very wary of changes that increase the complexity of Ninja (in particular,
new build file syntax or command-line flags) or increase the maintenance burden
of Ninja. Ninja is already successfully used by hundreds of developers for large
projects and it already achieves (most of) the goals we set out for it to do.
It's probably best to discuss new feature ideas on the
[mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ninja-build) or in an
issue before creating a PR.

## Coding guidelines

Generally it's the
[Google C++ Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html) with
a few additions:

* We have used `using namespace std;` a lot in the past. For new contributions,
  please try to avoid relying on it and instead whenever possible use `std::`.
  However, please do not change existing code simply to add `std::` unless your
  contribution already needs to change that line of code anyway.
* Use `///` for [Doxygen](http://www.doxygen.nl/) (use `\a` to refer to
  arguments).
* It's not necessary to document each argument, especially when they're
  relatively self-evident (e.g. in
  `CanonicalizePath(string* path, string* err)`, the arguments are hopefully
  obvious).

If you're unsure about code formatting, please use
[clang-format](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html). However, please do
not format code that is not otherwise part of your contribution.

Commit message:

Move CanonicalizePath() into canonical_path.cc
There is no need to expose this function anymore.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# How to successfully make changes to Ninja

We're very wary of changes that increase the complexity of Ninja (in particular,
new build file syntax or command-line flags) or increase the maintenance burden
of Ninja. Ninja is already successfully used by hundreds of developers for large
projects and it already achieves (most of) the goals we set out for it to do.
It's probably best to discuss new feature ideas on the
[mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ninja-build) or in an
issue before creating a PR.

## Coding guidelines

Generally it's the
[Google C++ Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html) with
a few additions:

* We have used `using namespace std;` a lot in the past. For new contributions,
  please try to avoid relying on it and instead whenever possible use `std::`.
  However, please do not change existing code simply to add `std::` unless your
  contribution already needs to change that line of code anyway.
* Use `///` for [Doxygen](http://www.doxygen.nl/) (use `\a` to refer to
  arguments).
* It's not necessary to document each argument, especially when they're
  relatively self-evident. (e.g. in
  `GetShellEscapedString(const std::string& input, std::string* result)`, the
  arguments are hopefully obvious).

If you're unsure about code formatting, please use
[clang-format](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html). However, please do
not format code that is not otherwise part of your contribution.
